the sense cause mr. Matlock on the train
no way straight from the Magnum indicud
I give it to these bitch niggas like
mama taught me one man with no weapon at
war but I'm an army my flow is passing
for attention roots in it you're Vinnie
attention and they demolish that
invention you better get your dollars up
and guess what I was up i get my cheese
like Mickey Mouse else you gathered
idled up like a shooting range target
hit all kind of bucks be my shooting
range target and go I got glow luck
nigga Bob Iger luck got your mama shook
up little bad ass nigga who thought pop
I wasn't tough come on that I like to
see them I'm gonna stir up slow it down
and I like for free too and I young
chocolates going down
marijuana feel then I just look it down
big bad woof yes I just blow it down no
humble and I will hold it down like a
circle of knives i got the shop is glow
around
go
for King blood of a slave but like I've
been here before my second time to great
butters one life to live that's why I'm
getting paid awful flow that's priceless
I just got it appraised spit like that
in your ways blazes I gaze at the stars
an extra more white a co-presenter
pulpit it makes me sick to my stomach
that's why I rap like a pregnant woman
how spit I home it so paid Hamish me and
Wayne 2 g's like 20 hundreds and we keep
the city's bloody and we live life
brothers from another so fuck with him
and macro react like you didn't read
something that's a hint to you Davis
don't shots at Goliath this is New
Testament where the victor is the child
so you should get you wait and lose the
hate remember mention be jealous that's
a female